Support DDP with LRFinder (#15304)
Lightning-AI/lightning: docs/source-pytorch/advanced/training_tricks.rst

.. warning::

    For the moment, this feature only works with models having a single optimizer.

.. note::

>     With DDP since each process runs in isolation, which ever process gets the suggest learning rate first, that learning rate
>     will be broadcasted to all other processes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    With DDP: Since each process runs in isolation, whichever process gets the suggest learning rate first, that learning rate
    will be broadcasted to all other processes.
```

.. warning::

    For the moment, this feature only works with models having a single optimizer.

.. note::

    With DDP: Since all the processes run in isolation, only process with ``global_rank=0`` will make the decision to stop the
    learning rate finder and broadcast its results to all other ranks. That means, at the end of LR finder, each process will be running with

>     the learning rate found on ``global_rank==0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the learning rate found on ``global_rank=0``.
```
